# 3D A* Path Finding Algoritnm

This project implements a 3D A* pathfinding algorithm based on C++.
The algorithm finds the shortest path between two input points in a 3D numerical matrix.

## Project Structure

Three-Dimensional-Visual-Scene-Platform-for-Aerial-Cruise/

├── **include**/

│ ├── Star.h

│ ├── Node3D.h

│ └── stdafx.h

├── **src**/

│ ├── **main.cpp**

│ ├── Star.cpp

│ ├── Node3D.cpp

│ └── stdafx.cpp

├── **input**/

│ └── input.txt

├── **bin**/

│ └── **main.exe**

├── .vscode/

│ └── task.json

├── **Path_Planning_Program_Description.pdf**

└── README.md

### Files and Directories

- **src/main.cpp**

  - This source file contains the `main()` function. It creates an instance of the `Star` class and calls the `Find_path()` method to find the shortest path between two points in the graph.
- **include/Star.h, src/Star.cpp**

  - HThis header file declares the `Star` class, which implements the A* algorithm. The `Star` class has methods for creating the graph (`Creatgraph()`) and finding the path (`Find_path()`). This source file defines the `Star` class. It includes the implementation of the `Creatgraph()` and `Find_path()` methods.
- **include/Node3D.h**

  -  This header file declares the `Point` structure and the `Node3D` class. The `Point` structure represents a point in 3D space. The `Node3D` class represents a node in the pathfinding graph.
- **.vscode/task.json**

  - Define tasks to automate various development workflows, including building project and running tests.
- **input/input.txt**

  -  This file contains the input numerical (0,1) matrix for the graph, where 0 stands for obstacle and 1 stands for free space.
- **bin/main.exe**

  - This is the executable generated by the compiler, which allows users to input points and receive shortest path.

### Build Instructions

1. Navigate to the project directory
2. Build the `main.cpp`
3. **Run the executable: `./bin/main.exe`**
4. Enter the start point and end point, return the found path if one exists. Example: 

   ```
   | Description                    | Coordinates |
   |--------------------------------|-------------|
   | Please input the start point:  | 1 1 1       |
   | Please input the end point:    | 20 20 20    |
   | **PATH FOUND:**                |             |
   |                                | 1 1 1       |
   |                                | 2 2 2       |
   |                                | 3 3 3       |
   |                                | 4 4 4       |
   |                                | 5 5 5       |
   |                                | 6 6 6       |
   |                                | 7 7 7       |
   |                                | 8 8 8       |
   |                                | 9 9 9       |
   |                                | 10 10 10    |
   |                                | 11 11 11    |
   |                                | 12 12 12    |
   |                                | 13 13 13    |
   |                                | 14 14 14    |
   |                                | 15 15 15    |
   |                                | 16 16 16    |
   |                                | 17 17 17    |
   |                                | 18 18 18    |
   |                                | 19 19 19    |
   |                                | 20 20 20    |
   ```
## Note

This project reads the graph data from an input file named `input.txt`. Make sure your input file exists in the 'input/' directory.
The input file is read and converted to **(i= 200, j= 200, k = 30)** 3D numerical matrix. The matrix is stored in the `Star` class as a private member variable. To revise the size of the matrix or change the input file, please change the parameters in `Star.cpp`.
